Test English
Grammar
Vocabulary
Listening
Reading
Use of English
Writing
Exams
Search
Login
A1 Vocabulary Lessons
Vocabulary / A1 Vocabulary Lessons
Common Things – A1 English Vocabulary
Common things – A1 English Vocabulary
Common verbs and verb phrases – A1 English Vocabulary
Common verbs and verb phrases – A1 English Vocabulary
Family and relatives – A1 English Vocabulary
Family and relatives – A1 English Vocabulary
Adjectives for describing people and things – A1 English Vocabulary
Opposite adjectives for describing people and things – A1 English Vocabulary
Daily routines – A1 English Vocabulary
Daily routines – A1 English Vocabulary
Days, months, seasons and dates – A1 English Vocabulary
Days, months and seasons – A1 English Vocabulary
Overhead view of various dishes on a table representing a lesson on Food and Meals for A1 English Vocabulary learners.
Food and meals – A1 English Vocabulary
Colorful array of various national flags fluttering against a clear sky.
Countries and nationalities – A1 English Vocabulary
Three happy shoppers with colorful bags for the A1 English Vocabulary lesson on Shops and Shopping.
Shops and shopping – A1 English Vocabulary

Parts of the body – A1 English Vocabulary

Clothes – A1 English Vocabulary
A1 English vocabulary about the parts of the house and their objects.
The house: rooms, parts, and things – A1 English Vocabulary
Featured image for an A1 - elementary English vocabulary lesson 'Places in a town,' showing a busy street scene in a town with people walking, cycling, and shopping.
Places in a town – A1 English Vocabulary
A cheerful waiter serving drinks to a group of smiling customers at a restaurant. The image includes a label that says "At the Restaurant" and a badge indicating the lesson is for A1 Elementary level English vocabulary on test-english.com.
At the restaurant – A1 English Vocabulary
Outdoor dining table set with plates, glasses, bottles, and cutlery for the A1 English Vocabulary lesson on eating and drinking utensils.
Eating and drinking utensils – A1 English Vocabulary
A1 English vocabulary lesson on movement verbs with a running man. Learn action verbs with pictures, examples, and exercises.
Movement verbs – A1 English Vocabulary
Test English
© Copyright 2016-2023
test-english.com
All rights reserved.

Made at
illadelsbous.com
Levels
A1 Elementary
A2 Pre-intermediate
B1 Intermediate
B1 Upper-intermediate
B2 Pre-advanced
Info
About us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Declaration
Get in Touch
Contact us
Request a topic for a lesson
Change your cookie consent
Follow us at instagram
Follow us at facebook
Follow us at twitter
Follow us at youtube
Take a level test
Upgrade to pro
